Introduce `pragma experimental solidity` (#14168)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Compiler Features:
 * EWasm: Remove EWasm backend.

>  * Parser: Introduce ``pragma experimental solidity``, which will enable an experimental language mode that in particular has no stability guarantees between non-breaking releases and is not suited for production use.

Reviewer: Generally, two linebreaks between categories - here and above ``AST Changes``.

 * NatSpec: Add support for NatSpec documentation in ``struct`` definitions.
 * NatSpec: Include NatSpec from events that are emitted by a contract but defined outside of it in userdoc and devdoc output.
 * Optimizer: Re-implement simplified version of UnusedAssignEliminator and UnusedStoreEliminator. It can correctly remove some unused assignments in deeply nested loops that were ignored by the old version.

>  * Parser: Introduce ``pragma experimental solidity``, which will be used to enable experimental features in the future, such as the standard library, new parsing behaviour, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Parser: Introduce ``pragma experimental solidity``, which will enable an experimental language mode that in particular has no stability guarantees between non-breaking releases and is not suited for production use.
```

Or something... we'll put something in the release notes about this, too, but we need to be a bit careful about phrasing here.

Author: I've reworded it according your suggestion, but not as verbose.

Reviewer: I still think we should be explicit about the guarantees here to avoid misunderstandings.

>  * Parser: Introduce ``pragma experimental solidity``, which will be used to enable experimental features in the future, such as the standard library, new parsing behaviour, etc.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we also add a section in the docs about this?

Author: At the moment, the pragma doesn't really do anything (aside from spewing an error here an there), so I'd say now. Once we start implementing features to go behind the pragma, i.e. postfix types, stdlib, etc., then it will make sense to add docs (perhaps even a special page with all experimental features).

AST Changes:

>  * AST: Add an optional ``experimentalParsingEnabled`` boolean field to ``SourceUnit`` nodes in which the experimental mode was enabled by ``pragma experimental solidity``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * AST: Add an optional ``experimentalSolidity`` boolean field to ``SourceUnit`` nodes in which the experimental mode was enabled by ``pragma experimental solidity``.
```

Author: Good spot

>  * AST: Add the ``experimentalParsingEnabled`` field to the ``SourceUnit`` nodes, which indicate whether the experimental parsing mode has been enabled via ``pragma experimental solidity``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * AST: Add an optional ``experimental`` field to ``SourceUnit`` nodes, which is true if the AST stems from the experimental language mode enabled by ``pragma experimental solidity``.
```

Of course, this also means changing the name of the field and the flags in the rest of the PR, I won't comment on all of those. We can also make it ``experimentalSolidity``, if you prefer.
But:
- I'd really make it optional, i.e. the field is *only* present, when it's true.
- And parsing is really the least of the concerns in all this - the type system changes will be much more significant. Granted, the AST mainly stems from parsing, but it also contains type information after analysis, so the field name and its description here should reflect that.

Reviewer: Actually, I think I like ``experimentalSolidity`` better than plain ``experimental`` myself :-).
